add more information for RNTuple's array<T, N> (#11975)
root-project/root: tree/ntuple/v7/doc/specifications.md

The field version and type version are used for schema evolution.

If `flags=0x0001` (_repetitive field_) is set, the field represents a fixed-size array.

> In this case, an additional 64bit integer followes immeidately specifies the size of the array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, an additional 64bit integer follows immediately that specifies the size of the array.
```

The field version and type version are used for schema evolution.

If the flag 0x01 (_repetitive field_) is set, the field represents a fixed sized array.
In this case, an additional 64bit integer specifies the size of the array. And

> one more (leaf) field description is expected to be found. 

Reviewer 2: This is correct for `RArrayField` (a field type that catches the semantics of fixed-size arrays), but not required otherwise.  Thus, I would only mention that in Section `#### std::array<T, N> and array type of the form T[N]`.

Author: is the un-true part the word "leaf"? I thought in any case we'd have a meta-data field with `flags: 0x0001` and a repetition number, and then we will have another field description.

Reviewer: You're right, the subfield doesn't necessarily need to be a leaf field (e.g., `std::array<std::vector<float>, 3>`). I think we currently have no case without a subfield (although the format doesn't forbid it).  I'd suggest

```
Typically, a sub field for the array content is expected to be found (see Section "Mapping of C++ Types to Fields and Columns").
```

#### std::array<T, N> and array type of the form T[N]

> Fixed-sized arrays are stored as single field of type `T`.
> The array size `N` is stored in the meta-data of the parent field.
> In other words, you should find two field descriptions for each `std::array<T, N>`:
> one has `flags == 0x0001` for reptition, purely for meta data purpose, the other one
> being a field corresponding to type `T` and column records only pointing to the second field.

Reviewer 2: I think the wording should be probably closer to the following:
```suggestion
Fixed-sized arrays are stored as two fields:
  - A repetitive field of type `std::array<T, N>` with no attached columns. The array size `N` is stored in the field meta-data.
  - Child field of type `T`, which must be a type with RNTuple I/O support.
```

#### std::array<T, N> and array type of the form T[N]

Fixed-sized arrays are stored as two fields:

>   - A repetitive field of type `std::array<T, N>` with no attached columns. The array size `N` is stored in the field meta-data. (the extra 64-bit ineteger read upon seeing `flags==0x0001`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A repetitive field of type `std::array<T, N>` with no attached columns. The array size `N` is stored in the field meta-data.
```
